Github publish project first create functions 
then design, making similar pages 
as https://www.pandy.co/campaign/flytt-form 
and https://www.hemfrid.se/
publish even to https://attilastarkenius.com/
Could you create a concept profile, perhaps share your potential concept, and in the meantime you can experience the concept profile creation to share with us of how we can improve the feature, is that ok?

We need new concepts :)
SUNDAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 11:32 PM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  11:32 PM
Maybe a website that makes price estimation of clothes put together with different search options like for example: 1. The common patterns in combination of different clothes judging by google frequence of similar outfit, and 2. Trying to make an estimation of latest fashion by frequence of google results of outfits with very similar traits so search: "latest months common cloth combination" sort by either: Price, Popularity, Rating(According to some other referenced websites, because until this website eventually gets user ratings there is no ratings obviously and there it is: Possibility to register, log in, rate cloth combinations from 1 to 5 and leave comments about what was good or bad about some particular cloth combination or the website in general)
MONDAY
Toni Babic sent the following message at 8:57 AM
View Toni’s profileToni Babic
Toni Babic  8:57 AM
This is good!

Please add this text in the Concept, under Plan section, as summary.

Let us add some logo?
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 6:01 PM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  6:01 PM
Okay good idea ;)
TODAY
Toni Babic sent the following message at 9:35 AM
View Toni’s profileToni Babic
Toni Babic  9:35 AM
What about concept keywords?
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 11:25 AM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  11:25 AM
Sounds good
I added: priceestimation, comparisonchart and searchengineoptimization
Toni Babic sent the following message at 5:57 PM
View Toni’s profileToni Babic
Toni Babic  5:57 PM
Great! Logo and name?
TODAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 10:54 PM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  10:54 PM
Okay I fix that and I try to implement these ideas on website: https://attilastarkenius.com/clothcombinationpriceestimation/

clothcombinationpriceestimation
attilastarkenius.com • 1 min read
Toni Babic  12:36 PM
This is good! Website page looks good!

Can you make the website landing page minimalistic, and we can start developing your freelance service! :)

What do you think?
TODAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 9:56 PM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  9:56 PM
Thanks ;) Okay I will do that
Toni Babic  12:22 PM
Well, your website is unorganized, can you clarity it a bit? 
What is the purpose of the website?
It's much better, but needs further clarification.
I find it hard to put this correct way, when there is a lot of 
bigger problems in Ukraine than fading brands, 
but supporting Ukrainian fashion brands as a part of the ecomonic 
recovery(I use this website as a reference because I thought 
the explanation was well written:
https://i-d.vice.com/en_uk/article/bvnbbq/how-you-can-support-ukraines-fashion-industry)
*Ukrainian fashion brands and some kind of donation function in the website
Toni Babic  4:52 PM
Do you want to open a clothing store? Or use your personalized website as the personal website.
TODAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 12:26 AM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  12:26 AM
Sorry for late reply, I want to open a clothing store
Toni Babic  7:00 PM
All good Attila!

You are great!

How you come up with the clothing store :)) from web developer :)
Are you serious?
TODAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 4:33 AM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  4:33 AM
Okay then I want to use my personalized website as the personal website
Toni Babic  4:11 PM
Okay! Let's start from a begining.

Do you have a concept name, logo? More about the concept, perhaps some slides that explain more?

Attila Starkenius  11:39 PM
Here is beginning of my canva slideshow: 
https://www.canva.com/design/DAE9PcizXRo/6p1-4zkpiyXHyHjpDrBsXQ/view?utm_content=DAE9PcizXRo&utm_campaign=share_your_design&utm_medium=link&utm_source=shareyourdesignpanel 
(sorry delay, just first page) and I think about using the picture in which woman with 
sunglasses poses as logo and u slogan "Price, fashion and opinion" 
Toni Babic  2:46 PM
Okay!

Are you more comfortable with writing? Example to explain your concept idea 
with plain text? Could be one paragraph, or one page text!
SUNDAY
Toni Babic sent the following message at 7:54 PM
View Toni’s profileToni Babic
Toni Babic  7:54 PM
The goal is to crystallize your concept, the better we see it and understand it, the better we can develop it.

It will be up to us to find ways to do so...
TODAY
Attila Starkenius sent the following message at 1:15 PM
View Attila’s profileAttila Starkenius
Attila Starkenius  1:15 PM
That sounds nice, I will do my best